hello guys this is me Vega from the
double ranch are also double random
release and behind me is seldom that is
stealing with all the technical stuff is
also the editor and dealing with the
camera and we hide me as well is
Benjamin again so he said to learn how
to make our view and just observe and
today we are having a look at the sky
rum that's a really really nice out
there there are lots of things that
comes with the ramp like the Leo ma
revolution 725 rum you have on that one
you have the revolution kitchen app but
here you have sky kitchen that allows
you to customize your prom a little and
here you can customize your key your
keyboard I think yeah yeah and here you
have remove apps I don't know what that
is touch with lunch you're stuck a lot
of different things and here you have
dialer themes right now I don't have any
I will see many different ones that you
can download revolution all right and
here you have Colonels a lot of
difference on the head and font
pack stuck just egg on siegen whatever
sensation lights royal icing puff
recycle polar brush get whatever you get
the point and here's market themes
here's a new market you may see here
yeah
there is a new one I'm sure you know
that one and for an example this is the
one I have no it the this is when I have
oh no it isn't but you get the point
it's changed with a little blue hair and
blue there and stuff and it's really
nice i like that you have the option to
customize your rump there's a lot of
rounds that doesn't have that you got
mods remove boot sounds restore boot
sounds it removes the sound that comes
up when you're turning on or booting
your phone and as you see here it's
quite fast I have the Linpack run
multi-thread
35 that wasn't good really but I don't
really care about these tests it just
they don't really show much but this is
a really nice rum anyway I got around 38
that's not particularly good but it
doesn't really matter what you get on
these tests and you get lots of
different wallpapers on this run hey you
got planets or something and this this
is really nice wallpapers it's really
smooth really nice made and you don't
see the pixels like you do in many
wallpapers as you see here they are very
nice not this one here many different
ones here is the 11 when I'm using an
angel of some sort I believe and let it
stop matter I think yeah what is this
what is that like this one this is a
really nice picture wallpaper and what
happened to this one well let's take
that little later lightning had a
difference on some beers some killer
whatever well it gets a point there's a
lot of dif different wallpapers hair and
as I said you can customize your this
rom quite a modest one comm with this
rum nuts that you don't have a
calculator that's kind of bad but
luckily you can just download download
one calculator app from the android
market that doesn't take
probably one or two megabytes I think
and this we will put a link in the
description below for this round but I
think we only have the link for samsung
galaxy s2 so if you want this rum and
you have another device so just send us
a message or send us an email or
something like that comment and we will
try to find another thing yeah this was
a review on the on the sky rom just
in the comment section below link
subscribe and favorite and please just
request if there's if there are more
runs that you want us to review and
tools
you